---
page_type: CompanyNews Component Description
languages:
- typescript
products:
- PowerApps component framework
description: "The plugin provides News feature, by default getting news for a text from BING news, but can be customized for other news sources."
---
# CompanyNews Component

At times we need to fetch and show news about certain elements which are shown in the application or a page. For example, in a CRM application showing a list of accounts, a salesperson might want to keep a check on the latest news about the company.

The control is completely developed using Powerapps Component Framework, and is easy to use and modify. More details on PowerApps Component Framework https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powerapps/developer/component-framework/overview

## Understanding and updating the code

Steps mentioned above are sufficient if you want to use Bing News for fetching news items. But if you want to use any other news Service like Google news or change the look and feel of the component, you can do so by updating the code. You can close the code from the Git Repo mentioned earlier i.e. https://github.com/microsoft/companynewspcfcontrol
Once you have the code locally, you can test the component, but before that, you need to update the Bing News key and base URL. You can provide it while testing the component locally from interface.
 
Note: You can add more news services. We have an out of the box support for Bing news and Google news. In this example, we will use the Bing News API.

            NewsSource: any = "NewsSource"; 
			
            MoreNews: any = "<<More News Base URL>>";
			
Replace NewsSource with “Bing” for Bing News (or “Google” for Google News)

Provide News API URL, API Key and More News URL (https://www.bing.com/news/search)

Note * For Google News, go to https://gnews.io/ and create an account to get api and token.

We can see under getnews function, we make a call to the News API and render the results in HTML form. We are using a plain vanilla HTML to show the news, you can adjust the look and feel based on needs. 

Finally, you need to build and start the application. Go to companynews folder in the repo and execute following commands

•	Install - npm install

•	Build - npm run build

•	Start - npm start

Executing “npm start” will open a browser and display the component. To test the component, provide a value in the Value text, Key and Base URL  and see the news appearing.

## Creating Solution zip
Once you have tested the component and made any adjustments needed, you need to package the code into a solution which you will upload to our CRM org.
•	Create a folder named Solution and use the following commands to create the solution package 
•	Create a new solutions project using the following command. 
pac solution init --publisher-name <<publishername>> --publisher-prefix <<prefix>>
For example:
pac solution init --publisher-name developer --publisher-prefix dev
 
•	Once the new solution project is created, refer the Solutions folder to the location where the created sample component is located. 
 
pac solution add-reference --path <<Path to Component Directory - root folder of the repo, which contains the pcfproj file >>
 
For example:
pac solution add-reference --path c:\downloads\mysamplecomponent
•	By default an unmanaged solution will be created. To create a managed solution uncomment following lines from autogenerated Solutions.cdsproj
 
  <!-- Solution Packager overrides, un-comment to use: SolutionPackagerType (Managed, Unmanaged, Both)
  <PropertyGroup>
    <SolutionPackageType>Managed</SolutionPackageType>
  </PropertyGroup>
  -->
•	Build Solution 
msbuild /p:NuGetInteractive="true"  /t:build /restore

You should see a solutions.zip file under Solutions\bin\Debug
You can use this updated solution instead of the default on provided in Git repo
